Expose debug options (#630)
mapbox/mapbox-maps-flutter: CHANGELOG.md

* Support local assets for 3D puck and `ModelLayer`. To use a local assets, please specify it with `asset://` scheme in the uri.
* Fix map view crashing upon host activity destruction when using a cached Flutter engine.
* Fix a rare crash happening when map widget is being disposed.

> * `MapDebugOptions` got superseeded by `MapWidgetDebugOptions`, expanding existing debug options with the new `light`, `camera`, `padding` debug options in addition to the new Android-specific options: `layers2DWireframe`, `layers3DWireframe`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `MapDebugOptions` is superseded by `MapWidgetDebugOptions`, expanding existing debug options with the new `light`, `camera`, and `padding` debug options in addition to the new Android-specific options: `layers2DWireframe` and `layers3DWireframe`.
```
